(0 min)  JUSTIN:   Have Miro board in view

(1 min)  ALL:      Introductions with name and current job title

(1 min)  ANDREW:   Quickly describe a time (or times) the current systems have failed you

(1 min)  JUSTIN:   Stories like Andrew's are why we decided to create R2/D2 (Rapid Routing and Decision-making Dashboard). Most of today's task-flows usually involve one of the following:
  1. Disaggregated, unintuitive, and/or expensive enterprise work flows (e.g. Sharepoint, TMT, TopVue, LeaveWeb), or
  2. Hundreds of thousands of long email chains of questionable standardization and accountability, or
  3. Pen and paper processes
  All of these methods significantly reduce both the velocity and efficacy of the decision-making loop and provide little to no interconnectivity or modularity for a digitally-oriented force. R2/D2 is the solution - a unit-centric task-flow management system that enables accountable and informed decision-making at all levels in the CoC. And now, to my teammates for a slightly deeper description of what we have built.

(2 min)  MARK:     Database architecting and philosophy behind the backend we built (efficient data packaging for ease of frontend use, tree & graph data structures, secure login, etc.)

(2 min)  ANDREW:   Client-side architecting and the philosophy behind the frontend we built (intuitive clickstreams, simple color schemes, modular/re-usable components, etc.)

(0 min)  JUSTIN:   Switch to login screen

(6 min)  JUSTIN:   Demo the application in the following order: Login, Registration, login, Profile, logout, Dashboard, Create Template, Manage Template, Create Request, Dashboard, logout, login to account who supervises previous account, run through request actions, logout

(1 min)  NOAH:     Current missing features in the MVP that would require only a little bit more time to finish include - archiving of requests, more detailed admin page and privilages, route template editing

(1 min)  MARK:   The value of our application lies in it's potential - features like active directory data-injection for efficient unit onboarding, inter-unit hooks for end-to-end routing, operational and efficiency metrics generation (to pinpoint process improvement opportunities), and others, put R2/D2 miles ahead of other currently available solutions and systems. This concludes our application presenation! We apprecate your time and would now like to open it up for questions.